For release at 2:00 p.m. EDT                     April 29, 2026 
 
 
 Recent indicators suggest that economic activity has been expanding at a solid pace. Job 
gains have remained low, on average, and the unemployment rate has been little changed in 
recent months. Inflation is elevated, in part reflecting the recent increase in global energy prices. 
 The Committee seeks to achieve maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 
2 percent over the longer run. Developments in the Middle East are contributing to a high level 
of uncertainty about the economic outlook. The Committee is attentive to the risks to both sides 
of its dual mandate. 
 In support of its goals, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal 
funds rate at 3‑1/2 to 3‑3/4 percent. In considering the extent and timing of additional 
adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess 
incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. The Committee is strongly 
committed to supporting maximum employment and returning inflation to its 2 percent objective. 
 In assessing the appropriate stance of monetary policy, the Committee will continue to 
monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook. The Committee 
would be prepared to adjust the stance of monetary policy as appropriate if risks emerge that 
could impede the attainment of the Committee’s goals. The Committee’s assessments will take 
into account a wide range of information, including readings on labor market conditions, 
inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and financial and international developments.  
 
(more) 
  
/n-2- 
Voting for the monetary policy action were Jerome H. Powell, Chair; John C. Williams, 
Vice Chair; Michael S. Barr; Michelle W. Bowman; Lisa D. Cook; Philip N. Jefferson; Anna 
Paulson; and Christopher J. Waller. Voting against this action were Stephen I. Miran, who 
preferred to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 1/4 percentage point at this 
meeting; and Beth M. Hammack, Neel Kashkari, and Lorie K. Logan, who supported 
maintaining the target range for the federal funds rate but did not support inclusion of an easing 
bias in the statement at this time. 
-0- 
Attachment 
For media inquiries, please email media@frb.gov or call 202-452-2955. /nFor release at 2:00 p.m. EDT                     April 29, 2026  
 
Decisions Regarding Monetary Policy Implementation 
The Federal Reserve has made the following decisions to implement the monetary policy stance 
announced by the Federal Open Market Committee in its statement on April 29, 2026: 
• The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System voted unanimously to maintain the 
interest rate paid on reserve balances at 3.65 percent, effective April 30, 2026. 
• As part of its policy decision, the Federal Open Market Committee voted to direct the Open 
Market Desk at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, until instructed otherwise, to 
execute transactions in the System Open Market Account in accordance with the following 
domestic policy directive: 
"Effective April 30, 2026, the Federal Open Market Committee directs the Desk to: 
o Undertake open market operations as necessary to maintain the federal funds rate 
in a target range of 3-1/2 to 3-3/4 percent. 
o Conduct standing overnight repurchase agreement operations at a rate of 
3.75 percent. 
o Conduct standing overnight reverse repurchase agreement operations at an 
offering rate of 3.5 percent and with a per-counterparty limit of $160 billion per 
day. 
o Increase the System Open Market Account holdings of securities through 
purchases of Treasury bills and, if needed, other Treasury securities with 
remaining maturities of 3 years or less to maintain an ample level of reserves. 
o Roll over at auction all principal payments from the Federal Reserve's holdings of 
Treasury securities. Reinvest all principal payments from the Federal Reserve's 
holdings of agency securities into Treasury bills."  
• In a related action, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System voted 
unanimously to approve the establishment of the primary credit rate at the existing level of 
3.75 percent. 
 
This information will be updated as appropriate to reflect decisions of the Federal Open Market 
Committee or the Board of Governors regarding details of the Federal Reserve's operational tools 
and approach used to implement monetary policy. 
More information regarding open market operations and reinvestments may be found on the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York's website. 